500 contributors mark blog (#304)
apache/skywalking-website: content/blog/2021-07-12-500-contributors-mark/index.md

---
title: "[Community win] SkyWalking achieved 500 contributors milestone."
date: 2021-07-09
author: Sheng Wu, Tetrate.io, Apache SkyWalking Creator. [GitHub](https://github.com/wu-sheng) [Twitter](https://twitter.com/wusheng1108) [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wusheng1108)
description: "SkyWalking has over 500 contributors based on GitHub resposibility statistics. Remarkable achievement of the whole diversity community."
startTime: 2021-07-01T00:00:00Z
endTime: 2021-08-01T10:00:00Z
img: /images/500-mark.png
---

![](500-mark.png)

SkyWalking is an open source APM(application performance monitor) system, especially designed for microservices, cloud native and container-based architectures. 

From 2020, it has dominated the open source APM market in China, and expanded aggressively in North American, Euro and Asia's other countries.

> With over 6 years(2015-2021) development, driven the globale open source community, SkyWalking now provide full stack observability covering metrics, tracing and logging, plus event detector, which are built based on various native and ecosystem solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With over 6 years(2015-2021) development, driven by the global open source community, SkyWalking now provides full stack observability covering metrics, tracing and logging, plus event detector, which are built based on various native and ecosystem solution.
```

|sk163|snakorse|songzhendong|songzhian|sonxy|
|spacewander|stalary|stenio2011|stevehu|stone-wlg|
|sungitly|surechen|swartz-k|sxzaihua|tangxqa|
|tanjunchen|tankilo|taskmgr|tbdpmi|terranhu|
|terrymanu|tevahp|thanq|thebouv|tianyk|
|tianyuak|tincopper|tinyu0|tom-pytel|tristaZero|
|tristan-tsl|trustin|tsuilouis|tuohai666|tzsword-2020|
|tzy1316106836|undefined|vcjmhg|viktoryi|vision-ken|
|viswaramamoorthy|wallezhang|wang-yeliang|wangrzneu|wankai123|
|wbpcode|web-xiaxia|webb2019|weiqiang-w|weiqiang333|
|wendal|wengangJi|wenjianzhang|whfjam|whl12345|
|willseeyou|wilsonwu|wind2008hxy|wingwong-knh|withlin|
|wl4g|wqr2016|wu-sheng|wuguangkuo|wujun8|
|wuwen5|wuxingye|x22x22|xbkaishui|xcaspar|
|xdRight|xiaoxiangmoe|xiaoy00|xinfeingxia85|xingren23|
|xinzhuxiansheng|xonze|xuanyu66|xuchangjunjx|xudianyang|
|yanbw|yanfch|yang-xiaodong|yangxb2010000|yanickxia|
|yanmaipian|yanmingbi|yantaowu|yaojingguo|yaowenqiang|
|yazong|ychandu|ycoe|yimeng|yu199195|
|yuqichou|yuyujulin|yxudong|yymoth|zaunist|
|zaygrzx|zcai2|zeaposs|zhang98722|zhanghao001|
|zhangjianweibj|zhangkewei|zhangsean|zhaoyuguang|zhe1926|
|zhentaoJin|zhousiliang163|zhuCheer|zhyyu|zifeihan|
|zijin-m|zkscpqm|zoidbergwill|zoumingzm|zouyx|

> |zpf1989|zshit|zxbu|zygfengyuwuzu|undefined|

Reviewer: undefined? Is it a real GitHub id or script bug?

Author: They are old, we are fixing this by using mail prefix. Back to 6 years ago, we don't know need to set squash and merge.
